while turning to the occupied West Bank
now where Israeli forces have been
carrying out yet more raids we're
getting reports of incursions in the
towns of Janine nablas and Hebron Israel
stepped up nightly raids on the
territory in recent days let's bring in
Zay basravi he joins us live now from
rala Zay so just bring us up to date
with the latest on those
raids well it's been another very busy
night it's been far busier than it has
been in previous nights in recent weeks
we've seen the occupied West Bank really
turn into a patchwork of violence with
multiple raids going on in communities
across the area earlier this evening we
saw raids in Nablus Bethlehem uh heon in
nablo at least three people were
arrested in the village of azun in the
kilia area uh we had heard reports uh
that today a couple of days ago there
had been gunshots fired at Israeli
troops residents there say they were
bracing for some kind of retaliation for
some kind of incursion that did happen
this evening now we don't have any
further update at the moment but it
seems that the raids there uh may have
ended so far but the the main flash
point the main area of activity this
evening seems to be once again Janine
Janine City uh a heavy presence of
Israeli military forces went into that
area earlier this evening uh they were
accompanied by armored vehicles as well
as armored bulldozers and at least two
people were injured in what people there
residents described as ongoing heavy
clashes between Israeli military and
Palestinian Fighters uh now we know that
two people were injured ambulances were
trying to get into those areas to try to
get to the injured uh they were being
stopped in many locations but Israeli
bulldozers were digging up streets
digging up infrastructure making it more
difficult in the long run for people to
be able to navigate those communities
and that is part of this it is not just
about going after people it is about
creating longlasting effects creating
sense of dread and fear in those
communities um we've also heard that
there are raids now in ramala at the
jalon refugee camp two journalists were
arrested in the bade Village as well uh
Zane on the uh diplomatic front US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin is
traveling to rala there where you are to
meet with the Palestinian
president that's right as part of this
Whirlwind tour he is going to be here in
ramalan just a matter of hours at 9 GMT
in just a few hours we are expecting him
to meet with the Palestinian Authority
president Mahmud Abbas they will no
doubt be discussing primarily trying to
bring a halt to the violence in Gaza
trying to bring a ceasefire to Gaza
trying to get humanitarian Aid in but in
parallel there have been ongoing
problems in the occupied West Bank that
will no doubt be a topic of discussion
148 people killed since the October 7th
uh attacks uh 2,40 people have been
arrested and detained in these nightly
raids that have been ongoing settler
violence has been ongoing but all of the
frequency all of the intensity of these
things have gone up since those attacks
but to what end it remains to be seen no
amount of diplomatic engagement has so
far brought an end to the violence not
in Gaza not in the occupied West Bank
all right Zay Bazi live for us in rala
Zay thank you